README.md, before:

Master of Engineering in Financial Technology • University Of California, Berkeley

## Bio
Alex Chen is currently a Master of Engineering student in Industrial Engineering & Operations Research at UC Berkeley. Alex’s academic and professional interests are focused on machine learning, data analytics, and data visualization in aim to boost business insights by using technology. His previous intern experiences include the development of data preprocessing workflow using SQL(Ping An Technology, 2018) and building a machine learning algorithm to predicting sales in the management center(San Power Group, 2018). He conducted cryptocurrency market analysis in MIT (Cambridge, 2018) and collaborated with MIT Sloan research team to build hierarchical topic models to measure teams’ effective communication by using network analysis and data visualization skills. Alex holds a bachelor’s degree in Automation from Xi’an Jiaotong University.

## Contact
[GitHub](https://github.com/yuhaochen1997), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuhao-alex-chen-059346174/), [Medium](https://medium.com/@alex_chen_97)

## Projects
* [Data Science Selected Projects at MIT](https://yuhaochen1997.github.io/Data-Science/)

## Intercultural Communication
[Culture-Specific Presentation - China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvxUHXii1k)

## Article
### Medium
[Bitcoin, Cryptocurrency, and Blockchain](https://medium.com/altcoin-magazine/bitcoin-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-8f9d93b3ba71)

### SSPAI (Chinese)
* [看书十倍速？速读真的这么神奇？——《雪球速读法》读书笔记](https://sspai.com/post/45698) **(54K Pageviews)**
* [在麻省理工学院上学是什么体验](https://sspai.com/post/52913) **(53K Pageviews)**
* [零基础入门「数据科学」, 这些网站值得你收藏](https://sspai.com/post/53908) **(40K Pageviews)**
* [从 7 万年的视角看人类发展：《人类简史》读书笔记](https://sspai.com/post/54203)
* [如何利用 MOOC 在家学习哈佛大学的课程](https://sspai.com/post/55011) **(41K Pageviews)**
* [在校大学生如何进行海外交流？](https://sspai.com/post/55627)

### Zhihu (Chinese)
* [GRE 如何准备才能拿高分？](https://www.zhihu.com/question/19701271/answer/415580864)

Commit message:

add the poster and report for cryptocurrency

README.md, after:

Master of Engineering in Financial Technology • University Of California, Berkeley

## Bio
Alex Chen is currently a Master of Engineering student in Industrial Engineering & Operations Research at UC Berkeley. Alex’s academic and professional interests are focused on machine learning, data analytics, and data visualization in aim to boost business insights by using technology. His previous intern experiences include the development of data preprocessing workflow using SQL(Ping An Technology, 2018) and building a machine learning algorithm to predicting sales in the management center(San Power Group, 2018). He conducted cryptocurrency market analysis in MIT (Cambridge, 2018) and collaborated with MIT Sloan research team to build hierarchical topic models to measure teams’ effective communication by using network analysis and data visualization skills. Alex holds a bachelor’s degree in Automation from Xi’an Jiaotong University.

## Contact
[GitHub](https://github.com/yuhaochen1997), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuhao-alex-chen-059346174/), [Medium](https://medium.com/@alex_chen_97)

## Projects
* [Data Science Selected Projects at MIT](https://yuhaochen1997.github.io/Data-Science/)
* Cryptocurrency Market Analysis: [Poster](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/yuhaochen1997/Data-Science/blob/master/Cryptocurrency_Market_Analysis_Project/6.419_Project_Poster.pdf) | [Report](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/yuhaochen1997/Data-Science/blob/master/Cryptocurrency_Market_Analysis_Project/6.419_Project_Cryptocurrency_Market_Analysis.pdf)

## Intercultural Communication
[Culture-Specific Presentation - China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvxUHXii1k)

## Article
### Medium
[Bitcoin, Cryptocurrency, and Blockchain](https://medium.com/the-capital/bitcoin-cryptocurrency-and-blockchain-8f9d93b3ba71) _Featured on **The Capital**_

### SSPAI (Chinese)
* [看书十倍速？速读真的这么神奇？——《雪球速读法》读书笔记](https://sspai.com/post/45698) **(54K Pageviews)**
* [在麻省理工学院上学是什么体验](https://sspai.com/post/52913) **(53K Pageviews)**
* [零基础入门「数据科学」, 这些网站值得你收藏](https://sspai.com/post/53908) **(40K Pageviews)**
* [从 7 万年的视角看人类发展：《人类简史》读书笔记](https://sspai.com/post/54203)
* [如何利用 MOOC 在家学习哈佛大学的课程](https://sspai.com/post/55011) **(41K Pageviews)**
* [在校大学生如何进行海外交流？](https://sspai.com/post/55627)

### Zhihu (Chinese)
* [GRE 如何准备才能拿高分？](https://www.zhihu.com/question/19701271/answer/415580864)
